1] 
1. check that user's transaction is successfully done or not
2. check internet connection
3. check that user filled up the right number and email while process the payment
4. check the database query
5. check that download button is working or not
6. check that session is expired or not
7. check that download button is shows or not or only showing when invoice is generated
8. check that downloaded file is not shows in the system or it is not downloaded
9. check that error message is showing proper when unable to the download it leads the user in right way
10. check that user have that option to again download the invoice or retry option
11. check the internet server errors
12. check that user is downloade the invoice is theirs or others
13. check that it is not download because of high traffic 

2]
1. check that user enter valid email while signing
2. check the server errors
3. check the spam email
4. check the database query of the website
5. check that user entered email is blocked
6. check that user entered existed email id
7. check that user have the option to resend the email if they not recieved the email
8. check the time duration after signing in that it is not received the email
9. check the user device issues
10. check that user signed in website is secure or not or 3rd party web
11. check that website version is compatible with the firefox or not

3]
1. check the website is responsive or not
2. check that it is copmpatible for all the browsersand do cross browser checking
3. check the code of the website
4. check the css code of the website
5. check javascript of that website
6. check that they selected the chrome as default browser
7. check the website in diffrent operating system 
8. check that website is secure or not or it is 3rd party website
9. check the website in other system or devices
10. check that websites comptibility with the browser

4]
1. check the appliction work proper or not in random time
2. check the load for the application
3. check the database query for the application
4. check the network and server issues
5. check the perfromance of the application
6. check that it is only slow only at peak time or it is slow for random time also
7. check application with load and stress testing
8. check the frontend code if there is any issues with it
9. check the timing duration of the response in client system
10. check that browser is freezing or there is any systematic issues
11. check that it is only happen for the one user or multiple user
12. check that user opens multiple tabs in the system and thats why application running slow
13. check that application is 3rd party 
14. check that users system is updated and can compatible for the appliction version
15. check the application timeouts
16. check that there is any cpu related issues or not
17. check the backend code of the application

5]
1. check the version of the system for that users 
2. check the session timeouts for that users
3. check the server issues for that users
4. check that they use the 3rd party software for that application or website
5. check the application or websites backend code if there is any issues
6. check the database querys 
7. check that user enter existed credintials 
8. check that users account is blocked or expired
9. check that specfic user has no rights given for the log in
10. check that if password store incorrectly
11. check the case sensitivity for the credintials details
12. check the multi factor authentication issues
13. check API for that website or app
14. check that user log in website in particular location that is prohibited from the developer team
15. check the browser and os compatibilty for that specific user
16. check the error message for unsuccessfull login
