WhatsApp Payment:

1. check if we are payment to the group or individual person
2. check that if we will done payment in group the name of all participants are shows properly
3. check that when the enter amount page open for payment it shows the bank name and person name
4. Check that when do the final payment it shows the person name and total amount that we enter
5. check that when we click on the payemnt button it should let us enter pin first
6. check that when we click on submit button the payment message is created or not in whatsapp chat
7. check that after payment it will create the transaction history and transaction id
8. check that if bank server down it shows an error or not.
9. check that when it is insufficient bank balance it shows the proper error for insufficient bank balance
10. check that if we enter wrong pin it does not let user to redirect to the payment
11. verify that bank account is linked or not
12. check if user enter wrong phone number while linking account
13. verify that user can unlink their account
14. check that user can cancel payment before the final payment
15. check that user can make payment through the QR code
16. check that user recieve the notification of the successfull payment
17. check that failed transaction are also showed in history and have the option for the retry.
18. check when the bank server is open the transaction should be successfull


whatsapp Group:
1. check that the option for the create group in whatsapp is works or not 
2. check that when we click on new group all  the contacts are shows or not
3. check that the selected contacts are shows at the top of the contact list
4. check that when we click on next it first ask for the group name
5. check that the selected contact also have the option for the disselect it again
6. check that it shows the permissions for the group before created the gropu
7. check that user can join the group via link or not
8. check that after create the group it let user to add new members and chnage the group settings
9. check the limit for the group members
10. check that all the media links and documents are shown for all the users
11. check that every users number and name are shown in the group
12. check that payment gateway is working or not
13. check that user can leave the group or not
14. check that the group have the option for add in community
15. check that all the options like video call audio call, chat lock are working perfect in group or not.
16. check that group can make by one members and multiple members
17. check that admin of the group is allow to remove and add members
18. check that non admin can't allow to remove and add the members
19. check that the members who leaves the group are shown in the past members list
20. check that the members who leaves the group can be re-add or not
